Branding:
  ☐ Design a logo / titlebar icon
  ☐ Think of better slogan.
  ☐ The new titlebar icon only apply to the google redirect popup window but now the title bar?

Database Design:
  ☐ May have to mess with the structure of the database. I need to update the database a user is joining. Changed the rules to allow any authenticated user to modify the study group but there has to be a better way to do it.
    May have to put the members list in a separate location or something.
    Might implement a public facing version...
  ☐ Not sure if the user's study groups need to be stored in their profile, I can just query the "study-group" collection for all groups with the users id in the member array
  ☐ Implement Study Group Invite Code Logic...
  ☐ Figure out how to delete a code after 24 hours.
    May just have it set so that when a new user requests a code, the cloud functions deletes any old codes that are older than 24 hours old
General:
  ☐ Not sure why the favicon is not showing????
  ☐ Make sure the build bundle size is not too large.
  ☐ Font-Awesome Icon Package Icons are not aligned properly
    ☐ Get rid of vueawesome and use cdn to reduce package size and wierd errors
  ☐ Figure out the sizing issues, I want body to be entire screen height but exclude the nav bar...

Profile Settings:
  ☐ Make sure to delete/overwrite old profile picture when someone changes theirs
    Otherwise we will have multiple orphaned photos taking up storage space
  ☐ Automatically update to the file picker's picture so user can preview what it will look like
  ☐ Add Study Groups tab so users can remove study groups from their account

Routing:
  Bugs:
    ☐ User refreshes page after being redirected and it takes them back to landing, it should prevent them from seeing the landing while logged in
    ☐ Setup firebase auth to not allow users to see the page that aren't in the study group's auth list

Group Homepage:
  ☐ Extract sidebar to a component
    ☐ Make sure that there is a slot because all page content has to be inside it

Create Study Group:
  ☐ Add validation on the inputs
  ☐ Add transitions to make it look nice
  ☐ Revert back to Spectre.css
    - Element is too opinionated, and it is a pain in the ass trying to override most of the defaults
    - It is also very large, > 1mb
  ☐ Change steps so that the one before the end is the finish
  ☐ Add url test <a> tag below the website input box
  ☐ Add the ability to copy the study group invite code before redirecting to the new homepage

Prototype Presentation:
  ☐ Implement a Study Group feature
    ☐ Flashcards
Archive:
  ✘ Convert Project to new Element UI Library @cancelled(18-12-09 12:55) @project(General)
  ✔ Implement the dropdown menus and create study group buttons @done(18-12-09 13:05) @project(NavBar)
  ✔ Does the user's photoURL need to be stored in the firestore for other users to view it? @done(18-12-08 23:38) @project(Database Design)
  ✔ Not sure how I can get the profile picture to automatically update when they change it @done(18-12-08 23:39) @project(Profile Settings)
  ✔ Make the navbar manage it's own state from firebase @done(18-12-08 22:56) @project(NavBar)
  ✔ When you update your profile picture, you must refresh page to see it @done(18-12-08 22:56) @project(Dashboard)
  ✔ Implement Study Groups @done(18-12-08 22:55) @project(Prototype Presentation)
  ✔ Figure out how routing will work @done(18-12-08 22:55) @project(Prototype Presentation)
